# APCS Final Project

## Group Info
PERIOD 8
Juntao Teng, Lisa Li
Group Name: Tao-fette and the Dino-sa-ur

## Overview
(to run the code, please download the Sound Class from Processing Library)
Our project is an imitation of the game Candy Crush. We have a starting menu that provides the basic instruction for starting the game. We have two modes: venti(more candies and longer playtime with a higher requirement to complete the game), and small(less candies and shorter play time with low requirement to complete). Starting the game, the board contains candies that are randomly placed. There’ll be an objective on the bottom of the screen, updating depending on the number of candies eliminated. When the player clicks and drags on two neighbor candies, they will swap and look for three or more of the same candies in a row and/or column. If they are found, they will be eliminated, and the board will be refilled with the pre-existing candies from the top and late filled with new randomly generated candies. If no matches are not found, two candies will swap back(the player will not be able to swap the candies that can not cause the elimination). This process repeats until the objective is reached. One thing that the player needs to look for is to make sure that there are possible swaps in levels that can eliminate candies. If there aren’t, that means the game has come to an end. To restart any game or choose a new mode, the player can press the 'r' key. The game has many different sound effects which is able to provide the player with a satisfying experience. With swapping and eliminating, the game can help the player relieve anxiety and depressing mood.

## Instructions
Once starting the game, the player will be brought to the menu of the game. Here, play will be shown with the basic instruction and the mode one can select to play. To play mode venti, press '1'; to play mode small, press '2' or any key on the keyboard. Follow the objective shown at the bottom of the screen. Your objective is to eliminate a specific amount of the same color candies. Make the best move to get closer to your objective. Swap the candy by dragging and dropping the candy to its neighbor position; eliminate the three or more consecutive same candies in either row or column. If the candies elimination has 4 in a row, a horizontal stripe candy will be created. If the candies elimination has 4 in a column, a vertical stripe candy will be created. Stripe candy can clear any candies either horizontally or vertically. If the candies elimination has 5 in a row, a horizontal bomb candy will be created. Swapping bomb candy with any color of candy can eliminate all pre-existing candies of that specific type(the one swapped with bomb candy). Your progress and goal will be shown at the bottom of the screen. Warning! Only the candy that can eliminate the others will be swapped. If you ever encounter a situation where you can not make any move because there's no more candy to eliminate, which indicates that you lost the game, press the 'r' key to return to the main. You can also change a mode during a game, press 'r' to return to the menu and re-select the mode. Once you have completed your level, the winning menu will be shown and a cheering sound will be played after a second. Hope you enjoy the game!
